Create new alert types documentation (#3236)
astronomer/docs: astro/alerts.md

:::

## Alert types

Each Astro alert has a communication channel and a trigger type. The communication channel determines the format and destination of an alert, and the trigger type defines what causes the alert trigger. 

### Communication channels

> Astro alerts can be sent to the following communication channels

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can send Astro alerts to the following communication channels
```

- Slack
- PagerDuty
- Email
- DAG trigger

The **DAG Trigger** communication channel works differently from other communication channel types. Instead of sending a pre-formatted alert message, Astro makes a generic request through the Airflow REST API to trigger a DAG on Astro. You can configure the triggered DAG to complete any action, such as sending a message to your own incident management system or writing data about an incident to a table.

> ### Trigger types 

Author: Open to a title change here, "trigger types" is not term actually used in the product but we also don't have a UI label for this category of options

Reviewer: honestly I like it - I think it's accurate and direct. Maybe someone in Product has a different idea or suggestion?

    - **Task duration**: Click **Task** and choose the Deployment, DAG, and task name. Enter the **Duration** for how long a task should take to run before you send an alert to your communication channels.

>     - **Absolute Time**: Click **+ DAG** and choose the Deployment and the DAG that you want the alert to assess. Then, select the **Days of Week** the alert should observe, the **Verification Time** when it should look for a DAG success, and the **Lookback Period** for how long it should look back for a verification time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **Absolute Time**: Click **+ DAG** and choose the Deployment and the DAG that you want the alert to assess. Then, select the **Days of Week** that the alert should observe, the **Verification Time** when it should look for a DAG success, and the **Lookback Period** for how long it should look back for a verification time.
```
I don't know why, but it feels like this is needed for parallelism with how the other things in the list are phrased.
